Feat: support android 13 permission (#816)
fluttercandies/flutter_photo_manager: README.md

    - [Get albums/folders (`AssetPathEntity`)](#get-albumsfolders-assetpathentity)
    - [Get assets (`AssetEntity`)](#get-assets-assetentity)
      - [From `AssetPathEntity`](#from-assetpathentity)
      - [From ID](#from-id)
      - [From raw data](#from-raw-data)
      - [From iCloud](#from-icloud)
      - [Display assets](#display-assets)
      - [Obtain "Live Photos"](#obtain-live-photos)
        - [Filtering only "Live Photos"](#filtering-only-live-photos)
        - [Obtain the video from "Live Photos"](#obtain-the-video-from-live-photos)
      - [Limitations](#limitations)
        - [Android 10 media location permission](#android-10-media-location-permission)
        - [Usage of the original data](#usage-of-the-original-data)
        - [Long retrieving duration with file on iOS](#long-retrieving-duration-with-file-on-ios)
    - [Entities change notify](#entities-change-notify)
  - [Cache mechanism](#cache-mechanism)
    - [Cache on Android](#cache-on-android)
    - [Cache on iOS](#cache-on-ios)
    - [Clear caches](#clear-caches)
  - [Native extra configs](#native-extra-configs)
    - [Android extra configs](#android-extra-configs)
      - [Glide issues](#glide-issues)

>       - [Android 13 (Api33) extra configs](#android-13-api33-extra-configs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - [Android 13 (API 33) extra configs](#android-13-api-33-extra-configs)
```

See [ProGuard for Glide](https://github.com/bumptech/glide#proguard)
if you want to know more about using ProGuard and Glide together.

> #### Android 13 (Api33) extra configs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Android 13 (API 33) extra configs
```

> When you are using Android 13 (API level 33), you need to add the following extra configs to your manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When targeting Android 13 (API level 33), the following extra configs needs to be added to the manifest:
```

```xml

> <manifest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<manifest>
```
